Skip to main content
Microsoft
Copilot
Products Resources
 Sign in
 Microsoft Build: Explore new AI tech and grow your skills alongside your peers in expert-led sessions.
Register now

Microsoft Copilot Studio
Customize Microsoft Copilot for Microsoft 365 or build your own copilot experiences.
Try free
Try a demo
Overview
Capabilities
Pricing
Get started
Support and resources
FAQ
Try free
Sign in

Powerful, connected copilots—built by you
Transform customer and employee experiences with copilots built in Microsoft Copilot Studio.
A lapton, calendar and a pen holder are kept on the desk.

Customize Copilot for Microsoft 365
Enable greater control and efficiency by authoring responses to predictable scenarios within Copilot for Microsoft 365.

Create custom copilots and GPTs
Incorporate your data and plugins for engaging interactions in the places that matter the most.

Use one connected platform
Copilot Studio is built on the foundations of leading conversational AI technologies including Power Virtual Agents, and is interoperable with Azure AI Studio and more.
CAPABILITIES
Your copilot, your way
Customize
Build
Design
Platform
Design tailored conversations for predictable scenarios that require specific responses, like compliance or regulatory topics.
A screenshot of the conversations of copilots in teams
Back to tabs

Pricing
Microsoft Copilot Studio
$200.00
25,000 messages/month1,2
Buy now
Try free
Build and run your own copilots across websites and other channels to serve employees and customers.
Copilot Studio offers graphical development environment to build copilots using generative AI, sophisticated dialog creation, plugin capabilities, process automation, and built-in analytics that work with Microsoft conversational AI tools.
A woman looking at a computer screen.
Get started
Get started with Microsoft Copilot Studio
Contact your Microsoft sales representative or start a free trial to customize, build, and run copilots across Microsoft Copilot, websites, and other channels.
Try free
A woman using a laptop in an office.
Empower your workforce with Copilot for Microsoft 365
Get all the features of an intuitive AI assistant, with enterprise-grade security, privacy, compliance, and responsible AI.
Learn more
A man sitting in front of a window using a laptop.
Explore new ways to work with Microsoft Copilot
See what’s possible and achieve new experiences like never before using the power of AI.
Learn more
Resources and support
A man and woman looking at a tablet with a graph on it.
Documentation
See how to get started using Microsoft Copilot Studio in your organization.
Learn more
A man and woman talking in a meeting room.
Community
Connect with and learn from experts and peers.
Join the community
A man and woman standing next to each other holding a tablet.
Support
Get technical support and quick responses to your most critical cases, included with your Copilot Studio paid license.
Learn more
Additional resources
A man in a suit sitting at a table.
Blog
Introducing Microsoft Copilot Studio
Learn more about the end-to-end conversational AI platform that empowers you to create and customize copilots.
Read the blog
A man giving a presentation at a conference.
Event
Watch Microsoft Ignite on demand
Check out highlights and sessions from the 2023 event, including copilot development.
Watch now
[1] Licenses are capacity based and additional messages can be purchased. A billable message is a request or message sent to the copilot/bot triggering an action and/or response. Prices shown are for marketing purposes only and may not be reflective of the actual list price due to currency, country, and regional variant factors. Your actual price will be reflected in the checkout.
[2] Microsoft Copilot Studio provides support for select copilot experiences in Microsoft Copilot, with plans to support additional copilot experiences such as Copilot in Microsoft 365. Availability and features are subject to change.
What's new
Surface Laptop Studio 2
Surface Laptop Go 3
Surface Pro 9
Surface Laptop 5
Microsoft Copilot
Copilot in Windows
Explore Microsoft products
Windows 11 apps
Microsoft Store
Account profile
Download Center
Microsoft Store support
Returns
Order tracking
Certified Refurbished
Microsoft Store Promise
Flexible Payments
Education
Microsoft in education
Devices for education
Microsoft Teams for Education
Microsoft 365 Education
How to buy for your school
Educator training and development
Deals for students and parents
Azure for students
Business
Microsoft Cloud
Microsoft Security
Dynamics 365
Microsoft 365
Microsoft Power Platform
Microsoft Teams
Copilot for Microsoft 365
Small Business
Developer & IT
Azure
Developer Center
Documentation
Microsoft Learn
Microsoft Tech Community
Azure Marketplace
AppSource
Visual Studio
Company
Careers
About Microsoft
Company news
Privacy at Microsoft
Investors
Diversity and inclusion
Accessibility
Sustainability
English (United States)
Your Privacy Choices
Consumer Health Privacy
Sitemap Contact Microsoft Privacy Terms of use Trademarks Safety & eco Recycling About our ads © Microsoft 2024
